A5LIB.BIN operations

These routines are in the module A5LIB.BIN, which is a GST linkable object 
file. The following headers and descriptions provide a high-level view to 
each of these routines.  Parameters are pushed on the stack from right to left.

Both file operations will use D:\ as the default drive for the file location,
however, including the drive and path in the file name will override the default.

These are generic operations, as such the array has a type of record which
can be any type of record.

void read_file (char filename[], record array[], long* charsReadin, 
				long maxsize)

The Readfile operation reads bytes from the file, with the name filename, 
placing them in the specified array up to the specified maximum number of 
bytes.  The number of bytes actually read is returned in the location supplied 
in the variable charsReadin. If the read is unsuccessful for any reason a longword 
value of -1 is returned in charsReadin.

BYTE write_file (char filename[], record array[], long charsTowrite)

The Writefile is operation writes the specified number of bytes from the 
supplied array of structures to the specified file, with the named filename. 
This operation is destructive in that if a file with the name filename 
already exists it is overwritten.

The function returns a BYTE error flag with the following values:
 	 0 - no error
	-1 - invalid drive
	-2 - can't open file
	-3 - error saving to file
	-4 - error closing file


char read_char()

This function waits for and reads a single character from the keyboard.
The character is returned on the stack. The caller is required to make
space available on the stack for this to be returned.

void write_char(char ch)

The function writes the single character passed to the screen.
The character must be pushed on the stack as a byte.
	
	
void exit()

This function pauses the program and waits for the user to press any key.
Once the user presses a key the program terminates.  
This subroutine never returns.

